I think the crowd
here for the
[Applause]
the greediness for the first run
you saw it last night on last dance the
best thing about rivalries is that 29
years later they're still not over
those were the Pistons refusing to shake
the bulls hands as they walked off the
floor last night Bill Laimbeer with
Rachel Nichols his thoughts all these
years later and cried for a year and a
half about how how bad we were for the
game but more importantly the taping
these were bad people we weren't bad
people who were just basketball players
winning and that run is stuck with me
because they didn't know who we were or
what we were about as individuals and
our family life so all that whining they
did when shake their hand they were just
whiners they won they won the series
give him credit we got old they got past
us but okay move on
do you regret now not shaking their hand
in standby no why would I regret now
today I don't care what the media says
about mine ever did if I did I'd be a
basket case especially back then so you
know I guess I was about winning
basketball games and winning
championships and did whatever I had to
do you get the most out of my ability
and our team and we did we go at the end
the day we're called world champions so
that's an interview Bill Laimbeer did
with Rachel Nichols it'll air in its
entirety on the jump today meanwhile
Isiah Thomas is going to join us in a
second we're getting that hooked up
technically Jalen Rose is obviously
ready for a man that you grew up
idolizing and I know that well it was a
fascinating night last night and I'm
told Isaiah is ready to go so the thing
what we were always happy to have Isiah
Thomas on the program but what we
specifically wanted was to give you the
chance to respond to what Michael said
so for those of you who saw it last
night you saw it Michael Jordan on that
moment last night on last Ann's said
whatever Isaiah says now you know it
wasn't his true actions then you know
this time enough to think about it or
the reaction of the public that's
changed his perspective you can show me
anything you want there's no way you can
convince me he wasn't a blank and I'm
not allowed to say the word on TV again
the best thing about rivalries is that
30 years later they're still not over
here's the hall-of-famer Isiah Thomas we
wanted to give you a chance to respond
Isiah what did you think well first of
all let me just say this I I speak for
kind of three things I speak for the
city of Detroit I speak for the Detroit
Pistons and then
also speak for myself so watching the
watching the documentary I think it's
interesting it's uh it's fun it's
entertaining right now and I think the
sports world needed in terms of how we
felt at that particular times as
champions we were coming down Michael
Jordan was coming up and in coming up
you have certain emotions and then
coming down as champions you have
certain emotions and I've said this a
many times
looking back over the years have we had
the opportunity to do it all over again
I think all of us would make a different
decision now me myself personally I paid
a heavy price for that decision and and
in paying that price you know I
understand that this is the sports world
and everything else but at the same time
looking back over it in terms of how we
felt at that particularly time our
emotional state and how we exited the
floor we actually gave the world the
opportunity to look at us in a way that
we never really try to position
ourselves in or project ourselves in
that way so it's it's unfortunate that
it happened but you know that's that's
just how it was don't know doing that
period of time physique I'm gonna turn
you over to Jalen in a second but I
wanted to ask just one more thing
because it was always my perception as
one who covered the leak at that time
that your team your group thrived on the
image of being the bad boys that you saw
there were some athletes who loved that
disrespect and love to be hated by the
fans and it motivates them how would you
describe the way you felt then and feel
now about having been the bad boys you
know it is just interesting looking back
over that dead error greenie because you
know when when I came into the league
and I and I really have to contextualize
this for everyone watching because when
I came into the league the Philadelphia
76ers and dr. Jay
were the champions and then Boston
became the champions and during a period
of the 80s it was Philadelphia Boston LA
in Detroit those were the four champions
and you know when we talk about you know
only Boston in that league that's not
that's not accurate there was the 76ers
there was Boston there was LA and then
there was Detroit and at that particular
time we had a chance to do something
that none of those franchises had ever
done we had a chance to three-peat and
we were going for three-peat in 91 and
really it could have been off for Pete
because in 88 we you know technically we
could have won that game too but you
know we we didn't so going for that
three-peat for us emotionally it was you
know it was draining but it was also
disappointing at that time to lose and I
remember when when we played Boston and
you know when Boston exited the floor
and I remember you know going back in
our locker room and we're celebrating
and everything else and you know for us
it was okay when went when Boston exited
it was okay when when Larry Bird exited
we we never we never looked back and
said oh they were poor sports they were
bad champions we were actually grateful
of the lessons that they had taught us
along the way in terms of how to win how
to become a good team how to be a silent
franchise how to have rules have to have
regulations how to how to be disciplined
enough to go out and to compete every
single night to earn and win a
championship that's what the Boston
Celtics taught us that's what the Los
Angeles Lakers taught us that's what we
learn from Philadelphia so the the
moment in time that we're talking about
here we didn't we've never asked for an
apology from the Boston Celtics and I
don't believe the Boston Celtics ever
asked for an apology from the Los
Angeles late
I don't believe